# Geegpay Challenge Participation

I participated in the Geegpay Challenge. This project is designed to be highly responsive on various screen sizes, ensuring a seamless experience across devices. It has been tested on devices ranging from the iPhone 6 to the latest iPhone 15, as well as large screens like the iPad Pro, iPad mini, and iPad Air. Additionally, it caters to very large screens for optimal visibility.

## Key Features

### 1. Interactive Elements

- **Hamburger Icon:** Easily open the side menu for quick navigation.
- **Dark Mode and Light Mode Toggle:** Switch between dark and light modes effortlessly. The website adjusts the mode based on the system's preferences, but you can still toggle between light mode and dark mode.
- **Charts with Tooltips:** Hover over charts to view interactive tooltips with detailed data.
- **Animated Line Charts:** Experience smooth animations when interacting with line charts. Clicking on them opens a pop-up modal with additional information about the component and the chart.
- **Animated Number Widgets:** When in view, witness animated numbers and progress bars for a dynamic user experience.
- **Calendar Icon:** Utilize the calendar icon to tweak and change dates effortlessly.

## Technologies Used

- React
- Tailwind
- Vite
- ChartJs
- Framer Motion
- react-icons

## Background Image

The cool background image for the dark mode was generated by me, using Leonardo Ai.

## Attribution

The custom loader spinner used in this project was gotten from uiverse.com, and created by Schawnnah J.

## Data Fetching

Front-end development is about fetching data and presenting it in an appealing format. In this project, data was sourced from a JSfile(to simulate a JSON), providing a foundation for dynamic content presentation. Also, I intentionally added a little delay to show my beautiful loader spinner component.
